Ml commons (#5017)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

To enhance and customize your OpenSearch cluster for machine learning (ML), you can add and modify several configuration settings for the ML Commons plugin in your 'opensearch.yml' file.

## ML node

> By default ML tasks and models only run on ML nodes. When configuring without the `data` node role, ML nodes will not store any shards and will calculate resource requirements at runtime. To use an ML node, create a node in your `opensearch.yml` file. Give your node a custom name and define the node role as `ml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, ML tasks and models only run on ML nodes. When configured without the `data` node role, ML nodes do not store any shards and instead calculate resource requirements at runtime. To use an ML node, create a node in your `opensearch.yml` file. Give your node a custom name and define the node role as `ml`:
```
